# SAKUA2 Random String Generator (Based on dominopassword)

### Please Read how it works file.

### Please use the sakua2random.c file for testing the application
make   
make -f Makefile.sakua2random   


SAKUA
-----
Shared Access Key User Authentication
SAKUA is similar to SAKA but the User first registers online using SSL/TLS and then the encryption layer is provided by SAKUA.

Please Also See, Original repository:
=====================================
https://github.com/anpnrynn/SAKUA2   
SAKUA2 original algo will remain there without any modifications.   
dominopassword repository was removed by me.   


DominoPassword C implementation for:
------------------------------------
1. GEN1   - Last update in 2023
2. GEN1_1 - Last update in 07-Apr-2024 - Reduction of conflicts (Heavily modified from original SAKUA2 algo) 
3. GEN2   - Last update in Jan-2023 
4. GEN2_1 - Last update in 07-Apr-2024 - Reduction of conflicts (Heavily modified from original SAKUA2 algo) 

TO DO:
------
Actual SAKUA and SAKA implemetation. SAKUA and SAKA are a replacement for public key alogrithm.


Some of the secure string generated by GEN1_1
=============================================

```
N_n\T|]+R46[wt5g,U/$&Js3+_dmE?.&=i<-W-y*}10^=Q9)MZD((u`a:rHlSB!FpGzho]Ob*@V>27x#vL"q{ckCj;ef}%{)[PI^X|Y~KA8'   
)=Z9(Mw&Js3+_jAeO}o{z[pP)^%|f~;']ahrGlFBI!XSdmE\-_Du([t5g,U/$Tn*NW|y+-?]1=^.6iYHK:8`b*@V>27x#vR&4<}Q0L"q{ckC   
S-mD\(_z[pP)^>2kx-vy&W<4}R0#"7{?t+g|UN$n*QTL%|(~ZG+u_[jAeO}o{)h=r3lJB;9IMw'Xa&/q,c5C]1=^.6iYHK]sFfd!E:8`b*@V   
~%G(uZ^&W<4}R.*i9HB]lFrfs!K:Y`6V;AJO3o=)dhE{0#"D|-+[_)>2kx-vy\mnSU($zN7_QtL{P+8}be@jIMw'Xa&/q,[?pg*|Tc5C]1=^   
{|#+D_-lFrfs!Xa=/N,$?Ugp*[Tq5&]7>zk(-Symn|\cK:u`G3}[R).*i9HB]~J%O4oW)6(dZ^VEA&vCx12^_QtL{P+8}b;<=Y0h"e@jIMw'   
`K3u[G!?Ugp*[{M+(});o=OY<hbe8jP'6*W94B%~0J"]Tq5+(|})RsXa=/N,$D#m{-_ylS&-|>c]fz@HIiw.dZ^VEA&vCxF7rkn:\12^_QtL   
](q}+R|o=OY<hEAtvSxy7-krnF\C2&_&Xl=_N{$#m:D1be[j34*)[s{M+(});`WK9pBU~Pu0G!'"*?,^/QaL-|>c]fz@HI6g%8TJ5iw.dZ^V   
jb4[)3h7-krnF]ZzuH~6B%98gJIi@.fVPMU(p)K`TW5;\C2}_(*s[<EAtvSxy+q#]NR$o{&|:X1_Ylw}d+^{0G!'"*?,^/=&O=meDQaL-|>c   
;_C*}[(B%98gJ"*>,{/$&N=Om=D^a?-&EotRS]yq#e+QIi).4pnsF<]ZzuH~6jUb(r)-`f[T3hV5M7xLv|Ac|:X1_Ylw}dPkK@\W2+^{0G!'   
.Ip)s4J&N=Om=_Gl[}`P)K(@kWd+w{Y'fZ-ur~bj\U26D^a*R_n<Fg"*>,{/$}Cq;S[yB]?(eEQ-8o^H0z!]T3hV5M7xLv%&9t#i+|Ac|:X1   
```

Some of the secure string generated by GEN2
===========================================
```
H:FJD2BY967i5d3f1hk64`>Q<M8Oby4I_8?''^g>7$3*5P,NZ`z.x<v*t,r:p+n-l-jW_0?9=^U0.2ms;$;K~waEcG/RST=u/+eAoCqVLX!1   
'1g3753759,BZDzFxH<.:`JN2PY*6$iG9E^w0K2$s;;m~.aUc=/?S_=j/lenopqrLt!v1X*V,C:A++-u-TWR0>d^f'h86I`yQOM8b<4>_4?k   
HKF$D;Bm9.7U5=3?1_S'/gc7a3~5;,s*f,d:0+W--TuR+>A^C'V8XIvytOr8p<n>l4jk?=_/4eboMqQL`!61hZ2z0x^<9:iJ62Y*P$NG`E.w   
01W3-5u7+9ABCDVFXHI8K'$^;>mR.TUx/zeZo1q!L`6QhM2b04^_9?ij6lYnPpNr`t.vwEyGO$8*<2>J4:k<=-=+?:_,'*g,753~;ascf/dS   
H1F!D`BQ9M7b543_1?90^W0-2uh+6ALy?O=8=<k>4:J<2-*+$:G,E*v,t5r~pancl/jSdif6sY;P3N7`g.'w_CqVoXeI/KU$.;mR>T^x'z8Z   
=1k345J729*B$DGFEH*,1:!+`-Q<M:bX6VYCPwN.`g'7_3q;osef/dUj.lmn>p^r't8vZz,x5T~Ra;c$/KSIi>4<_8?O0yWA-+uh62L0?^=9   
HwF.DgB7937;5s3f1d/=eko4qJ_2'*`,_54~iaSc/K$I;>R<T8xOzyvAt+rhp2n0l^j9=U?.Lm6>u^-'W80Z?$NGPEY*61b!M`Q<-:+X:V,C   
```



Password generation APK
=======================   
The APK / android application comes with no waranties, its for generating passwords for website / applications. The Initial purpose for which I wrote this application. It doesn't store the pattern / passwords only the website / applicaiton name and pin , you will have to remember the pattern.    
Uninstalling the app and reinstalling the app causes the saved pins to be deleted, use caution, use a backup.   


Third Party Secure Key Communication
====================================

There are three parties involved.    
• SAKUA2Random String generated site (The third party)   
• The End-User   
• The Website or Service Provider the End-User wishes to work with.   

The End-User installs an app from the random strings generator site, the app downloads 
150Million+ 108 character long random strings file per device.    

The SAKUA2Random Strings Site (keyserver) will create one 150Million+ 108 character 
long random strings file, which is then shuffled around keeping the strings intact, but 
the order changed to generate around 8 Billion+ combinations, which are used by 
devices belonging to other users. Each user registers the (n)sites and usernames with 
the random strings file.   

The End-User accesses the site, Let’s say Gmail.com (server). Gmail.com uses one of 
the daily strings (random search string) and sends the string along with a list of indices.
These indices represent the offset from the end location of the random search string. 
The values together in these indices represent the shared key. Which could optionally 
be mixed in with the password to create an even more secure shared key.    

The End-User’s app then uses these indices which it receives over TCP to calculate the 
shared key, from its version of the random strings file, the indices are at an offset from 
the end of the search string which is present in all 8 billion+ versions of the file, 
including the one with Gmail.   

The End-User then sends his username and uses the encrypted key to create a secure 
connection.      

At the server-end which is Gmail in this case, it contacts SAKUA2Random Strings Site
(keyserver) sends the username and retrieves the shared key. Which is then used to 
decrypt the data from the End-User and vice versa.
The random strings file can be regenerated every week or so to improve the security of 
the End-User / Server.   


